So...
He said someone married the newspaper.
That means you.
If I don't stand up
Does anyone under this day dare to criticize you, King of the dead?
Li Buan, you're crazy.
For yourself.
Accidentally fabricating allegations of slander of light
Lies.
That day when he forced me to get down on my knees at the birch party, spent all my family's money.
Isn't that not sleeping for me?
Have I ever had a flash of complaint?
But what did he do to me?
He invited me to take the meridian and become a scrap.
Disadvantage if not
He wanted to cut me in front of everyone.
Since then, I've told myself
I have to get back everything I lost.
Let him taste the taste of this white void.
Li Buyan, did you know that all this is done online for good?
I know, please give me strength.
I don't blame you.
But you know that behind the Chi Uy King there is a mysterious power, half-loyal to the disorderly grand conspiracy.
Your sister has to make him a friend.
Did you really betray the elephant?
Betrayal
Ha ha ha
He said I betrayed him.
I did my best for this warrior.
Work hard.
But what did Master do to me?
When I had to admit I was a traitor
Everyone condemns me.
Has anyone ever stood up for me?
Owner of the building.
Have you ever said a word to me?
In that case.
What if I'm scared this summer?